# BarnBridge Project Call 021 Notes 

### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday 2021/6/24 at 15:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 16.5 mins

### [Github Agenda Page](https://github.com/BarnBridge/BarnBridge-PM/issues/37)

### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc)

### Breakdown: 

Moderator: Troy Murray

Scribe: Rayne L.

Attendees: Troy Murray, Pavlo Bendus, Vitalik Cherniak, Milad Mostavi, Dragos Rizescu, Bogdan Gheorghe, Max Fiege, Trevor Latson

## Intro [[00:00]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc)

**Troy:** Welcome to BarnBridge Project call 21!

We have a new face here. Let's introduce Trevor. 

Trevor, would you like to introduce yourself, please?

### Introduction: Trevor Latson (Ser Speculor)

**Trevor:** Hi guys! I'm Trevor. Some of you know me as Sepculor on the Discord channels. I've been with BarnBridge since the beginning as an investor. I've been working with the integrations team for the last couple of months. 

Now, I'm a proud new member of the core team! Thanks for bringing me on. I'm excited to be here. Happy to get started and delivering!

**Troy:** Happy to have you here! 

With that, I believe we turn it over to Bogdan for the tech update.

## Tech/Dev [[00:50]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc?t=50)

**Bogdan:** Yes, I'm excited to do so. I haven't seen everyone for four weeks.

### Smart Exposure

We have launched it's on the app. It's still in soft launch mode. Because we still have some minor updates to ensure that everything is as smooth as possible‚Äì there is a major patch update that will add some functionality and clean up the UI. The current state is outside of our intentions.

That should be released sometime in the next couple of weeks.


### Polygon (Smart Yield & Exposure)

For Polygon, we wrap up deployment this week. The cross-chain piping was laid. We are currently testing every little detail on the app. Because we changed the way the front end works‚Äì to accommodate the network switch. Meaning we need to retest the entire app. That's why we delayed the launch slightly. It was supposed to be this week, but it will be sometime early next week.

It's for both Smart Yield and Exposure. 


### Smart Alpha (Specs & Audits)

We wrapped up the Smart contract development. We're moving forward with the audits, and we have them booked for exactly one week from now. 

So, those should start on July fifteenth or so. In terms of timelines, we are looking towards an early September launch for this. Because we still need to build the application around the Smart contracts.

That's it for Smart Alpha.

### Smart Fiat (Specs & Audits)

I think the name is out‚Äì it's no longer a secret. It's called Smart Fiat. You guys at least know the name now. 

Max has been leaking a bit of Alpha‚Äì on Discord ‚ÄìI had seen. Maybe you know more than just name. There are a ton of moving parts, but we are almost done with the spec. But since there are so many parts deep underway for the Smart contracts. (on the components that are completely specified, we don't expect them to change that much)

We have already booked an audit for mid-August‚Äì so, on or around August fifteenth. That also means for the majority of the development process. We'll be running parallel with Smart Alpha. A rough estimate of the timeline is a late September release. 

Don't take that as a promise. But, I figured I'd give a tentative timeline that we're working withuu2013‚Äì so everyone knows what to expect.

We'll keep you guys updated with the project calls if anything changes. 

I think that's it. Thanks!

**Troy:** Yeah, definitely, the Smart Fiat thing should be one of the larger things that hits DeFi for a while. 

With that, we'll turn it over to operations. 

## Operations [[04:20]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc?t=260) 

**Troy:** Christian, would you like to do an overview? And then we can turn it to Pavlo & Max.

## Christian [[04:32]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc?t=272)

### Community & Product Alignment

**Christian:** Hey everyone! As Bogdan mentioned. The forthcoming releases are going to be very exciting. But, there are a lot of moving parts. So, I've been working with him over the past couple of weeks. Especially the past week. We built out a refined product and operations tracking process. That's rooted in the work that we did at Alethio‚Äì about consensus.

The intention is to help align communications with the community. And help allow the ops/marketing efforts to work in lock-step with the dev team. 

I'm excited about how this will help us while the next couple of months unfold. 

With that, I'll pass it over, first to Pavlo, for marketing updates. Then Max, for integrations updates.

## Pavlo [[05:19]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc?t=319)

**Pavlo:** Hi everyone! 

### Website Updates

Firstly an update for the website. The dark theme is complete. There are a couple of updates on that front because we have made some critical back-end changes. We need to re-setup the infrastructure for the website. And that will take longer because the dev resources are focused on the product launches.

We expect the website update to get rolled out next week. 


### Animated Videos

We've had a great call with the motion designer today‚Äì figuring out the next steps. We already have the beta script done. And we expect the first video about BarnBridge should come out sometime around the end of this month or the sometime next month. (rough estimate)


### Telegram (Annoucement Channel)

We previously closed the Telegram group because the communication was not efficient there. However, now, if there is anyone who prefers Telegram as their daily communication app. We've set up a separate BarnBridge official announcements channel. So, if you would like to stay updated on the project news‚Äì you can follow that channel on Telegram now. 

These past few weeks have been crazy. On both the dev & operations side‚Äì for everyone. There was the token listing, product launches etc.

It comes down to us coordinating announcements and putting everything together for the launches.


### Ed Materials: Smart Exposure/Yield

We've rolled out the Smart Exposure educational materials. We also revised the Smart Yield guide. That will be shared next week when Smart Yield and Polygon launch. So, there are plenty of things coming.


### Coinmarket Cap Article

Today, Coinmarket Cap's Alexandria released an article: [What Is BarnBridge](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-is-barnbridge)

So, check out that article.

I'm looking forward to the product launches. üòé


## Max [[08:13]](https://youtu.be/9DCZE4b-2Hc?t=493)

I'll take it from there. And apologies for any external noise. There's a sweeper next door by the sounds of it.

### DAO Vote #4 (PID-4: Bancor, Nexus, ImmuneFi & Update DAO Parameters)

The main thing I'd like to bring about. Our fourth DAO vote is now live.

It's currently in the warm-up phase.

[PID-4: Bancor, Nexus, ImmuneFi & Update DAO Parameters](https://app.barnbridge.com/governance/proposals/4)

Voting will get enabled sometime this weekend. Either the beginning of Sunday. Or the end of Saturday. This DAO vote encapsulates the varying proposals we've voted on via Snapshot over the past six weeks. 

That includes; 

- 60K BOND Deposit into the BOND/BNT pool on Bancor. 
- Buyback associated with Nexus mutual shield mining rewards.
- Creation of ImmuneFi bug bounty program.
  - Pavlo and I are in the process of setting that up via the form intake on their website. 
- Adjusting the DAO parameters.
  - Instead of a 4-4-4 process of voting on proposals, we'll move to a 2-3-2  for added flexibility passing DAO votes in the future. 

We'll add some documentation on how anyone can initiate a DAO vote when holding or delegated enough vBOND. The process itself can be done via the UI, even for non-technical community members‚Äì once the documentation is live.

Some other things I would like to touch on. As usual, it will be a laundry list, so bear with me.

### Integrations Team (Post-Mortem)

During the past week. We saw the conclusion of the three months established as the integration team pilot. Trevor is with us here today‚Äì so, it's been a fruitful process, in my opinion. I'll share a sort of Post Mortem for what was accomplished and what I feel could be improved. And where we are going forward with the folks from the integrations team‚Äì regarding the lessons learned there. 

### Polygon (BOND Rewards)

Secondly, Polygon Smart Yield launches next week. It raised the question of how liquidity mining gets approached. 

Based on the context here, there are a few moving parts. With Polygon, the expectation is more people will be inclined to enter the senior side even without Smart Fiat in the wild for a few months. So, it does allow us with this fresh start to evaluate how we go about rewards.

We're looking into a few vectors on that front. One being incentivizing L/P pools. Instead of only primary deposits. Another element is looking into UMA's KPI option mechanism. We've seen a few other DeFi projects go down that route. I had the chance to speak with UMA earlier this week. And while there is an ongoing discussion occurring on the forum about the absolute number of BOND tokens devoted to that effort. I think the actual implementation could be new vs what is done on the mainnet.

The cool aspect is‚Äì since this would be a new TVL base that gets formed ‚Äìwe can use this as a pilot for how we go about refreshing the Ethereum mainnet rewards. Especially in this lead-up to Smart Fiat. Because, in our view, the junior TVL needs to be there‚Äì at launch. So, we have to figure out the most efficient way to preserve that TVL over the next few months and what that might look like. 

### ImmuneFi + ArmorFi Bounty Match

Lastly, from an integrations perspective, there are two things in the works at the moment. One being ImmuneFi which I alluded to earlier. So, essentially, we'll be maintaining a 250K bug-bounty program where we don't need to escrow the funds, and we can invest it‚Äì perhaps in Polygon Smart Yield, rolling a weekly senior or the like. 

Once that program is live, we'll participate in a bounty match program with the ArmorFi team. So, that team matches our bug bounty program 1:1 essentially, making the max possible payout 500K instead of just 250K. I think that will be an exciting way to ensure that we're getting the best eyes on our code‚Äì from ImmuneFi's whitehat hacker base.


### Boardroom Integration

Another aspect of the integration front Daniel from the integrations team has been working with the Boardroom team. And it sounds as if we'll have a v1 of BarnBridge on Boardroom within the coming weeks or next month. 

I think that's fairly exciting. Several lead DeFi protocols rely on Boardroom. For condensing governance bells and whistles in one place. I'm excited to see that come to fruition after a few months of chatting with them. 

That's it for me, and I can pass it back to Christian to go from there.

**Christian:** Back to you, Troy, go ahead.

**Troy:** Yeah, I'm curious how that Boardroom is going to work. 

So, are they integrating with how DAOs work in terms of function calls and then that gets displayed on their UI?

**Max:** Essentially, yeah. We are still assessing our forked DAO code and whether or not an adaptor is required. Presumably, it will. 

The first iteration will most likely be linked to the various governance forums and mechanisms. As we head down that road, we can build in functionalities with the DAO contracts. 

**Troy:** Okay! That's interesting. I think it's certainly needed in the ecosystem as a whole. 

I like that it's called Boardroom because there was a Consensys project at one time called Boardroom, and it didn't go very far. But, anyway, we can take this offline.

If there is anything else that anyone would like to go over‚Äì there is no roundtable or anything. 

So, with that, I think the next big thing that is coming out‚Äì is our integration with Aave. The proposal is going out today. That's a big one. 

Aside from that, I think several things are happening behind the scenes for a while.

We'll see everyone in two weeks, and hopefully, there will be a lot to report. I think there will be a lot to report.

Everyone, have a good time and we'll see you all in two weeks! ‚úåÔ∏è


**Everyone:** Bye! üëãüëãüëãüëãüëãüëãüëãüëãüëã


<br>

### Relevant Links

* [Website](https://www.BarnBridge.com)‚Äã
* [DOCS](https://docs.barnbridge.com/) 
* [Project Management Hub](https://github.com/BarnBridge/BarnBridge-PM)
* [Agenda](https://github.com/BarnBridge/BarnBridge-PM/issues/21) 
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/barn_bridge‚Äã)
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/NwXHd3z)
* [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4exzX_c37p2gYJK4L9nrGQ)

#### BarnBridge Products

* [BarnBridge Shop](https://www.barnbridge.shop/)
* [Bond.Bet](https://bond.bet/)

